build: switch CHANGELOG to logchange (#4403)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: changelog/.templates/CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

This changelog enumerates **all user-facing** changes made to Kroxylicious, in reverse chronological order.
For changes that effect a public API, the [deprecation policy](./DEV_GUIDE.md#deprecation-policy) is followed.

Format `<github issue/pr number>: <short description>`.

{% set repo = "https://github.com/kroxylicious/kroxylicious" %}
{% set change_types = ["changed", "deprecated", "removed"] %}
{% for v in changelog.versions %}
## {{ "SNAPSHOT" if v.version.unreleased else v.version.value }}

{% for group in v.entriesGroups %}

> {% if group.notEmpty and group.type.key not in change_types %}

Reviewer: I think we want to include all changes that warranted a changelog entry in this first list, where it's lust the PR name and link.

Generally I think we should avoid driving the contents by the type, because we may have change types like "added" where we also want further description later of new configuration surface. Appearance of an element in the Changes, deprecations, removals section should be driven by the presence of `important_notes`, `links` and `configuration`. (though maybe we could start by only supporting important_notes to keep it simpler).

Reviewer: here's an example of how things look currently https://gist.github.com/robobario/3707a09080e92b5f059ff56f9d41509e

for a couple of faked entries

Reviewer: after reading the issue I guess you had in mind grouping the entries like Keith suggested? Not opposed to that either. I think there is value in having the terse list of changes distinct from the more involved and messy deprecation and configuration-change notes, what do you think?

Author: >
> > I think we want to include all changes that warranted a changelog entry in this first list, where it's lust the PR name and link.
>
> > Appearance of an element in the Changes, deprecations, removals section should be driven by the presence of important_notes

Good idea! Done in: [`05aceaa` (this PR)](https://github.com/kroxylicious/kroxylicious/pull/4403/commits/05aceaafe5898c762d4594f2f0addf3f94a89a57) (See DEV_GUIDE for explanation).

> I think there is value in having the terse list of changes distinct from the more involved and messy deprecation and configuration-change notes

Yep, I personally like this format.

Reviewer 2: I think if we are generating change log entries for everything, then we need a way for the user to home in on the important stuff (features and production defects).  Users don't want to wade through reams to get find the stuff that impact their production system.

That was why I suggested grouping.   If there's another way to achieve the same ends, great.

Reviewer 2: Edit: I realised later in my review that we are maintaining changelog entries for user-facing changes only.

# CHANGELOG

> This changelog enumerates **all user-facing** changes made to Kroxylicious, in reverse chronological order.

Reviewer 2: This this sentence still accurate?

Reviewer 2: Ah -   I learnt later that the intent is to keep having change log entries for just user-facing stuff.  Great!

Author: No, and unfortunately the order is lexicographic (alphabetical by **string**), not numeric: 
https://github.com/logchange/logchange/blob/2bdb4505866eb49f2dbfdc0b487ad1a50825e48d/logchange-core/src/main/java/dev/logchange/core/infrastructure/query/file/FileReader.java#L40

e.g.:
```
1. 1038
2. 1078
3. 933
4. 983
```

Author: (Applied)
```suggestion
This changelog enumerates **all user-facing** changes made to Kroxylicious, in no particular order.
```

Reviewer 2: oh dear! That's not nice but  I think we could live with it.   I'd drop "in no particular order".

However, could we just use leading zeros on the issue/PR?  Would there be an easy way to enforce that on the input side.  If it is hard - it is not a deal breaker!

Author: Dropped. Also, added check to `lint` workflow: [`ddc7874` (this PR)](https://github.com/kroxylicious/kroxylicious/pull/4403/changes/ddc78742743c297cdf6003602b1870ddb53bf0e2)

For changes that effect a public API, the [deprecation policy](./DEV_GUIDE.md#deprecation-policy) is followed.

Format `<github issue/pr number>: <short description>`.

> {% set repo = "https://github.com/kroxylicious/kroxylicious" %}

Reviewer 2: We need to be able to debug/test this on the forks, so I think hardcoding this is problematic.

Author: Changed to be configurable in [`24536ef` (this PR)](https://github.com/kroxylicious/kroxylicious/pull/4403/commits/24536efb46c9ece5f03d99d72af2a7494c24fa92)
